[Music]
You know, uh, if you're nervous about
your friendship, totally okay to say so.
Nervous? Me? Oh, Spike, you really are
hilarious. You think I'm nervous that
I'm going to fail something as simple as
baking a cake? Well, if you were, the
silly Twilight just said how impressed
she was. Find a speed and a duplication
spell. That was a challenge.
[Music]
It drives my
donut. Maybe I'm the donut. The donut.
She's my safety from the
donut. Every little
donut. It's
donut.
[Music]
Donut. And she don't donut.
And she the donut. She the
donut. Nice.
Okay. Or just plain baked
potato. What's the next song? I want to
see what's the next song. Come on.
Oh my god. Wait, it's the vid debut
song. Usually ponies just call me
Trixie, but Miss Powerful has a nice
ring.
[Music]
This is the first time I did the vid
voice.
Well, actually I
actually let me double check that. Let
me let me fact check.
[Music]
Guys, this song's going to be six years
old this year.
Oh, I'd love to to collab with Death
Grips. Just tell them to link up with
me.
And I mean, we can make a song called
Dope
Nuts do donuts, right?
There's no magic.
[Music]
Yeah. Queen of misfit was before fairy
tales.
[Music]
Oh my god. Yeah. No.
Uh top five videos. The video came out
on October 26. That's enough of the
song. Thank you. Talk top five videos.
The first one came out on October 22nd,
2019. And
then on November 9th, just a few weeks
later, is when this song came out.
Anyway, I'm going to undefin. I'm going
to release the pillings. Here we are.
And uh
and uh yeah, death grips said yes,
donuts will happen now.
Hooray. Hooray. So about the fairy tales
fanfic, uh it was supposed to come out
in 2020 and I'm still I I still have to
finish it.
That's currently my next main task after
I finish Love and Pony Step is to finish
the
uh long overdue fairy tales
fanfic. And then
um cuz the fanfic the fairy tales fanfic
not being completed is the reason why I
haven't done promise complex yet or the
main reason
anyway. So okay. So what are we doing
today? We
[Applause]
are
now. Hey
[Music]
Gang
star
[Music]
open star
Yeah.
Hey. Hey.
[Music]
[Applause]
Gundam
star. Gundam
[Music]
star.
Very
good. Uh I I don't think I want to do a
Weer
collab. Yeah, the home word.
Yeah, here's the thing.
Uh, and if you hold down marker, you can
make Chewbacca revive if I
recall. Oh, sorry. I think you sent that
message like maybe an hour ago,
but but wow. Okay. Um, the thing
is is
that this is this is so tough, but like
I started writing my stories when I was
like 13. Starship Ponyville is as old as
2012 and a lot of the stories that I've
been writing are all built off of this
world that Silver and I have created.
Um, what's tough about that is that
currently I have to try and make things
make sense about [__] that I wrote when
I was 13 cuz all of that's just
published and there's only so much you
can reccon before it's just overturning
the entire story. Um,
and so
I I've become a better writer over over
the years as as happens with practice.
But each subsequent time I make
something new in terms of like written
work and not music. It's always a lot
more like cohesive than the previous
thing that I did to the point where the
jumps and like I want to say quality I
suppose are so vast that like each
previous thing ends up just looking like
like [__] basically.
Um
and where we are in the story and how
far we've come into the story. It's like
I have to try and tie a lot of things up
and make a lot of things make sense.
So, right now it's a little bit
difficult to have the lore be like
understandable by everyone just because
like I need to finish my main tasks
first before I can wrap things up and
then clear up everything so people
actually understand what's going
on. Once we're in a state of having all
the lore and like story stuff cleared
up, then I'll finally be able to get to
all the other like stories I've been
wanting to write because I've been
writing a lot of other things too that I
just haven't done yet.
We basically need Promise Complex to
happen, the final Saturn story arc
record
to We basically just need Promise
Complex to wrap things up so that way we
can clarify everything and and move on.
Are you having
fun? Not
really. What happened to street rap? The
bar drunker. Oh, that's just Respawn.
Respawn comes back uh in Serpent
Dance. The thing is this fairy tale
takes place in a pocket dimension of
sorts.
So, up until girls who are wizards,
fairy tales never really interacted with
the rest of the
world. Oh, I did I did end up responding
to the to the Gibbs
email. I I did a little bit late,
unfortunately. I wasn't on top of it. I
have a hard time keeping on top of uh
everyone I need to get to, but I did
respond.
I'm I'm very looking I'm very looking
forward to
that. I I ended up catching some of the
clips of uh of him checking out some of
my songs on stream and it was very very
sweet, very interesting.
his commentary is is is is very elegant
in a way that I I can't I can't find
myself able to like describe other work
in. So, it's like really really
fascinating to
observe. I'm going to get on the X
thing, but no one can cry.
I was about to try and honk with the
X-wing, but that won't
work. Sludge. Sludge is a really funny
song to start someone off of for my
discoraphy. I mean, it's understandable
given the uh the styles and like, you
know, what I'm assuming he it's it's
it's like a good uh gateway for someone
who's like familiar with like the rock
format of music. But it is really funny
to think that someone's first song for
me is
Sledge. Not in that way, Shad. Not in
that way.
Uh, this is Fortnite, but it's like Star
Wars Fortnite cuz Fortnite cuz Star Wars
fans apparently don't have enough uh
content in their
[Music]
day. How do I keep track of uh how do I
what do I use to write keep track of the
stories you write? Um, funny enough,
most of it's just in my head and I'm
just able to remember it. Although I've
started to keep some spreadsheets and I
use um I don't even really use Google
Docs. I mo I write most of my
preliminary stuff inside
of a a Mac OS iOS app called Bear.
Really great like
uh markdown note takingaking app that's
like has like a tagging system and
everything. It's really helpful for
me. Once something is too big, uh we're
going to fall down by the way. Don't
worry about it.
Hold on. I think there's a bot, so it's
fine. But Oh, that's Chewbacca. Oh,
that's not
bots. The worst thing you could do is be
like, I can't. These people are bots and
then they're not bots.
False confidence. Hold
on. Someone remind when when I'm done
locking in, someone remind me what I was
saying.
Where's that
from? They're
on what?
What?
Okay. Where is that? Oh, I see them.
Okay, do
this. Stop to hear the will on
screen. A fort for him. Star star for
there's no way we can do this. Just
forget
it. You could
go. They're going to revive their
pal. Yeah.
Skrillex, tear this fort
down and get [__] etc. Where does
Ababa come from? Okay, I can explain. I
promise I can explain.
Um, so
uh I me and the rest of the pillings, we
we we love we love our [__] stems.
Oh, sometimes we just say [__] because
it's like satisfying to say or it's just
it's it's just it's a stim sim [__]
Um, I don't know if anyone in this in
this chat is going to know what the [__]
I'm talking about, but in 2015, I posted
a video called Joshua Gan Story, which
was about um this random YouTube
commenter that that like was just
commenting the craziest [__] on my
YouTube channel. And I I made like a
video of like uh text to speech just
narrating one of their like
autocompleted comments. Um this Joshua
Gan person who I actually ended up
knowing fascinatingly enough. It was a
friend of mine who was trolling me and
uh I didn't know it was them because
they they kept their their two different
identities secret to me. Uh it was
through a weird coincidence that I
discovered that it was like a friend of
mine that was doing this. But anyway,
regardless, um, this person, uh, one of
the comments that they left on my
YouTube channel was just Ababa,
aba. And for whatever reason, that word
[__] stuck with me for a really,
really long time. I think it was just
some [__] random [__] that they
typed. Like, it was just some key spam.
And I have been obsessed with just
Ababa. Um, so much so that for a really
long time, for years, my my Oh, wait.
That's the thing. For for years, my
League of Legends tag was
Ababa. For years, I think I changed it a
couple years ago, but for a solid like
five, six, maybe seven years, my League
of Legends tag was a Baba. Um then in
uh when I moved to Portland, I basically
stopped socializing a lot. So I wasn't
in a lot of server spaces. Um
uh and so cord is like the first server
space I've been active in since like the
last like five 6 years. And so the vocal
stems increased tfold as a result of
this. And one of those was I just
started saying a bad again. I just
started saying a bad again and then at
some point I just I think I spelled it
wrong because B and N are right next to
each other. So I think I accidentally
typed a babna and then everyone started
saying it like no one would let me let
it down and then so and now that's just
a thing. It doesn't mean anything. It's
just like a it's like a nothing burger
word. It's like we're all animals and
we're just saying the sounds that we
have. And like Ababa is such a good
word. Like I've I I've noticed that it
gets said the most as just like a
conversation filler when there's like no
conversation or when someone wants to
say something but they don't know what
to say. So it's just a bad note. It's
like it can be acknowledgement. It could
be emphasis. It could be
whatever. I read
Iron Man, goodbye, sledge, welfare,
equation, daybreaker, nightmare night,
pest, antonym, coordinates, hush in that
order. What song would you want Gebes to
hear before that interview? That is that
is a good question. Um, I think he's
gotten a lot of the rock
stuff. So, I honestly wonder what chat,
what what do you
think? What do you What do you think? Uh
given the songs that Gebs has already
listened to, what should be the what
should be the next thing he
hears? Cuz we're doing an
[Music]
interview be
no. Very wrong. Very wrong. Jingle
bells. Uh, I can't I can't [__] ask I
can't fight I can't ask chat for
anything.
[Music]
Um, Baddy, that's not a song that even
exists. Mr. Beat. Okay, I think I think
I'm I think I'm just going to have to
say this myself.
Um, nobody. It's not an unreleased song.
Uh, yeah, actually Yak songs. Yak song
is a good one. Anything off a fish
whisperer. Uh yeah, a fish fish
whisperer stuff will would be pretty
reasonable, I
think. Sniper on the mountain, by the
way.
O.
Oh, that was so
[Music]
sweet. Ababa,
etc. And so many of the [__] words
we've been saying in here have just
evolved from abna.
So, okay. Okay.
Okay. So, to those who don't know, uh I
think it was Pin types type cuz one of
Vid's catchphrases is yeah, [__] but
it's like yabage. And I think at some
point Pin typed it. Is it yabage? Like y
a b a g e or with two b's yabage. And
then that got like come combined with
like a
babna and and now people have said just
a
yaba and and now baddies baddy starts
saying aba aba.
Oh, and Yabadoo. So that's like it's
like I keep calling Baddy Fred
Flintstone. Like we're just we're
literally just inventing a [__]
language.
I can't tell if that was Darth Vader or
someone
else. The Verona
language. Oh, it was Darth Vader and
someone else. Hold on. Let's see if I
could use the overpowered shotgun.
Nope. Darth Vader, leave me
alone.
Okay.
Okay. Yeah. I I call it Pil
speak, which is funny because Piler just
speaks English. Hello, Chad. We're in
this Ronut life
together. Okay. Can you stop showing me
Peter Griffin? Please stop
it. Chad, stop. I don't need to see
that. Oh,
sniper. So, first place isn't that bad.
Yabadoo, dear
Ronut. Sniper still waiting. They're
just staring at this mountain, so stay
low. I think I could get a shot on them
afterwards. They are literally They're
not doing anything else.
Oh, it's it's
Bezes. They're aiming
again. [__] [__]
[Applause]
Where are
they? What?
What? Let's hit that. Never hitting
that. Oh.
Daddy, where are you? Are you
okay? It's about to be
4v2. Oh
[__] What was that?
Oh
[__] Hell. Oh, okay.
So, so it's 4v1 right now.
How about you want to bet the last
person? He is going to die. There it is.
Nice.
[Music]
Oh, actually, uh, Jinger, if you're
still in chat, uh, another good one I
think would be like maybe like death of
all magic as well.
[Music]
mainly cuz that one's like very
uh like trap influence and like more of
my hip-hop influence. So, I think that
would be exciting to show as well. I
hope you have a good night and take
care. Okay. Yeah, that's fair. That's
fair. Either
[Music]
way. Yeah, Promise Complex is originally
going to be released in like 2020 and
like I got sidetracked so
much. Chad, what? Shad, why are you po
[Music]
stop being? Oh my god. Oh, you know
what? [__] it.
Starop all of this dancing said to just
Gam style acappella is so so
[Music]
funny. So
true. Speaking of which, I don't know if
I've said this on stream before already.
I think I had once, but for anyone who
hasn't, uh, I got the voice lines back
in. I think I did play a preview of it a
stream or two ago.
But I got the [__] I got the [__]
Lvol Lenvol Brown voice lines
back. So, where once was just
a Oh my god. Bdy, baddy. Baddy. I'm
leaving the game. I'm leaving the game.
It kicked Baddy out. Why did it do that?
Well, yeah. I was like I was like saying
that I was going to try and get him on
the album
and I wasn't entirely sure if it was
ever going to be feasible. Now we're all
the way to the point where it's done.
It's happened. And so it's like, wow.
Being able to do that right after
playing disco Allesium is a really
really
[Music]
cool I really can't pay attention to
your words while a capella gang style is
playing. Opa of Ronut style you mean
right?
slow.
Oh, why is nothing
playing? Why
is Why is nothing
happening? Why is it complete
silence? I was like, is my audio [__]
What's what what's
happening? I DMCA happened. Not re not
really. Sorry, I'm only just now
realizing that someone said like said SC
violet pony licks. I was like, "Oh, I
get it." Cuz like I'm kind of like
Skrillex coded. And then I realized, no,
this is just a reference to the fact
that the entire stream is sandwiched
between
[Music]
Skrillex. It's
Jewels. We're going to I might play
Minecraft later on this
stream. And we will have the famous uh
famous pack.
[Applause]
Pick a Toy for Veronuts.
[Music]
Darth Potato toy of
Verona. Sit down. Be humble. Sit
down. Sit
down. Sit down. Be humble.
Uple down.
Help. Why is that playing?
Oh, there jewels is there. I'm creek for
gal
[Music]
bean. I cut it to avenge
you. Or am I? I might get
sidetracked. Bane, I'm getting
distracted.
How did Bean die? This the [__] This
[__] Star Wars season is ass. I know
you just watched us win a game, but I
don't feel like that's going to happen
again. Like, this season has been so
[__]
bad. Infinite ammo, one shot guns. It's
like what the
hell? What's funny is like I I kind of
like Star Wars, but I also hate Star
Wars. Does anyone know what I mean?
Whatever amount I like Star Wars, I also
dislike it the equal
amount. But my main gripe with saying
this is it's like Star Wars fans are so
spoiled. They literally get like a
million things, like a million movies, a
million video games, a million
everything. And they have the audacity
to come in here and take over Fortnite.
Like you don't already have enough
[__] I like stars, but I tell like
wars. I'll ping your crown.
I was lucky enough
to I was luckily enough to miss the the
Avatar season.
[Music]
I the people we we just killed might
have just gotten
rebooted. I'm pretty sure that just
happened.
So, at the end of the day, we basically
earned a net
[Music]
nothing. What do we do? Baddy, stop
flipping a grunt now.
You're flipping a
grunt. Batty caught. Flipping a
grunt. Darth Ba caught. Ah, Master
Batty. Master Pata. There's too many of
them. What are we going to do?
Right. What on earth is flipping a
grunt? It's what Batty does.
[Applause]
stole my
jock. Lies of the world is flipping a
grunt another abna. No, it's the it's
the
tweet. It's the tweet that uh someone
made where it's like all I'm 50. All
news stories look like this. Curtains
for Zusha. B casemog and bat boy caught
flipping a
grunt. And then for whatever reason I we
started just saying batty and caught
flipping a grunt because I think of bat
boy and I just became
[Music]
batting. I have no idea what you're
saying
anymore. Yeah. Yeah.
Why does it have to do so much camera
shake? What the What the [__] That's
evil
Spider-Man. What the [__]
I don't know who that is. Is that Is
that Po
again? We're not bullying the batty.
We've never
done evil Spider-Man. I am evil
Spider-Man.
Curtains for Baddy Chuggington caught
eating a
Smurf. You heard
me. You heard
me. It is not worth playing this season.
It really isn't. The only reason I I am
is because I occasionally have fun with
my
friends. The other
is what is the other reason I'm doing
this? Because I think it would be novel
and funny to have the emperor skin and
make him do a funny dance. That's
it. Every now and then there's a good
enough Fortnite moment that it makes it
worth it to me. Overall, this season is
so bad that like it probably isn't worth
it.
Bean, get out of the car for a
second. Bean, get out of the car for a
second. Just like one
second. No, wait. Just for one
second. Husband.
I can't I can't pick it up. Grievous,
can you move? Okay, never
mind. Wait, Bean, can you just step out
of the car for a
second? Watch. I'll I'll even count it.
One. See, just that much.
Okay, now
be get out of the car for just one
[Music]
second for a
second. I can start counting.
[Music]
One, two, three.
Yoo. I want to give you this cool weapon
I
found. No.
I want to give you this. I want to give
you this cool weapon I
found. Come on in.
Oh, they're rolling.
[Music]
What? No. Every time we find a cyber
truck, we just like destroy it.
I have like several videos of us like
just shooting an idle cyber truck that
someone left
[Applause]
behind. [__] Wait, can you get out of
the scar for a
second? Wait.
I get a bee on the
news. We have to show this fort to to
Ruby.
Look, I took a picture. I took a picture
of it. I'm going to send it to
Ruby. We left uh we we we lost
one. Okay. All right. You're doing
something. You can control. Well,
actually, if you get out of the car, I
can I can I can give it a spin.
[Music]
chat. We need we need our care.
I don't want the world.
Wait, why is it Dr. Star
Wars? I had the wrong gun out. I'm going
to take
this. They're like right here. They're
like right here.
Another
one. Holy ronuta.
Batman. I'm going to make the teap of
holy minimalism.
I didn't do
[Music]
anything. Defam it. It's time to get in.
[Applause]
[Music]
Wait, I can make it
play.
What? Hooray.
Shadow.
Uh, ship
coming
presumably. Perhaps not.
Oh, okay. Well, that was gaming.
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm the sneezer.
Okay, I can't I can't wear this anymore.
[Music]
[Applause]
Rosioert
stars killing a
young star. That's the girl from the kin
list.
[Applause]
She
just
[Music]
know what is happening. Stop fighting.
Okay, bye my donuts. I will be back when
I'm not
sick. We
died. Oh, Chad has died.
Chad is live.
Darth Bata caught killing a young ling.
Masterat said I was going to say shed
the young bling, but then Shad left you.
It's cuz you killed
her. Sit down. Sorry.
[Music]
Well, dad is her favorite, so it's okay.
I like that it's just like common
knowledge that Chad likes the 328
character. Kill me so I can be
328. Darth Darth creek flow.
[Music]
Shad, when you have a chance, can you
send the [__] the news stories be
like when a guy [__] kills his family
art that you did?
Shad reacts to 328 for the first time.
Oh, he kind of looks like a
character. Master Botata, there's too
many of them. What are we going to
do? Darth Bata opens its lightsaber.
I saw bata killing younglings. It
[Music]
did. No, no words is what
he right now.
Fatty
[Music]
catch. You're doing something.
Chad, where are you killing? Don't you
see who it is?
[Music]
Oh, thank
you. Why did you You just You brought
that to me like a like a dog had like
fetched
[Applause]
something. I'm not mean to you. It was
It was so endearing. You're like a small
animal bringing me like your prized
catch.
[Applause]
[Music]
Batty caught exploring a
cave. What are you guessing?
The cave of
awesome. Chad keeps
dying. Baddy, what are you
doing? Oh, you made it. You made it so
mad.
Sit
down. Sit
down. Up. Sit
down. Up. Sit down.
[Music]
on your
phone. I
don't think
[Music]
I s
If I kill
it
[Music]
alumnit
down sit
Sit down.
[Music]
[Applause]
Guys, I think I'm going to do something
really funny.
[Music]
Good. Matthew
[Applause]
What the [__]
Oh my god.
[Music]
Oh my god, Chad, you're among
them. Why did he have to make that
sound? Why did he have to make that
sound? Just like show up here. I'm like,
"Oh my god, Shad's among them." The
[__] stormtrooper just starts going
crazy. I mean, clone, sorry.
Not a fake fan. I corrected myself.
They know you're an imposter. They're
going to be so mad.
[Applause]
Fire rest.
Oh no. What will we ever do without
Darth Vader AI?
Okay.
Heat. Heat.
Among Us in real
life. Among us in real
life. Die.
Well, first place isn't that bad.
[Music]
Aba.
Daddy saidaba.
Of course. No.
[Music]
Yes.
about
[Music]
what she
know said. Let me know. Well, you know
what? Battend.
No, no,
[Music]
no. Oh sh
No
[Music]
set. Oh yeah, Shad, send the kill to
family
art. Thank you.
Daddy said when they pick or I leave.
Wait, what? Oh, I won't I won't be
pickle. I
[Music]
promise. There. There we
go. [__] [__]
[Music]
Excellent. Moon said, "I mean, I guess
We're not showing it on. Oh, yeah. Not
showing on stream. Hold on. I forgot to
switch my input.
[Music]
Have
a very good
[Music]
Quinn. Yeah. What's
up? Can I help you?
[Music]
No pickles.
Like I said, no battle.
We're going to win, Vatty. Let's go.
[Music]
Bunch
gray. Okay,
stop doing that. We have the spirit of
previous season. We can survive Star
War. Good.
[Music]
addiction, but I
want I I want the world but I take this
city.
Sit down. Hold up. Hold up. Be humble.
Up. Sit
down. Up. Be
humble. Sit
down. Sit down. Be
down. Be
humble. Sit down.
[Music]
It's worth playing Fortnite in 2025.
It's just not worth playing this
season. No, Shad. He's not even
[Music]
there. Hey, have a good time, Chad. It's
caved in, by the way.
[Music]
I'll dig him out. Sure. Sure.
down the floorow.
I'm so so sick and tired of the
[Applause]
[Music]
What? What happened? Does something
happen? Let me
know. It's all what? Let me
know. You're fine.
I didn't do
anything. You think of what Fluffy would
say. Fluffy is not
here. Fluffy is at the bottom of the
Mariana's Trench.
[Music]
Remember? See what you did. I
mean, look what you did to poor Shad.
They won't glad
them. Why?
I want to do that. I am failure.
I sat down.
[Music]
Ah. Ah. Ah.
Ah.
Ah. We need Shan. We need Shan.
[Applause]
[Music]
Chad, that's not a real
one. Actually, it might be a real
one. It's a real one.
It's a pickle. It's a pickle.
[Music]
Oh. Oh my god.
like,
okay, Heat. Heat.
Star Wars finally added a good
character. It's the pickle.
[Music]
Ah, heat.
Ah!
No! Two
Come
on. Ah.
[Applause]
Come here.
We are
away. Heat. Heat.
What heat?
I love putting salt in my
[Applause]
eyes. What the
heck?
Help. Heat. Heat.
Oh,
damn. A shot.
Oh, so sad.
They were hinging entirely on the
lightsaber. That's all they had.
They have to push up to us. So
[Music]
Chad, how are you all the way over
there?
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Oh, what?
Nice. To be by your
donuts. to be by
your
donut,
right? Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Nice
pickle power.
Wava. The pickle power. I told you,
Maddie. I told you we'd win.
Set your microwave to 328 seconds for
the best result.
to be by your donuts. Now he said,
"Okay."
To be by
your
donuts. To be
by, right? Dang it.
Shet said he was the pickle sacrifice we
needed to win. I need to understand what
you said. I was the pickle sacrifice we
needed to win. Sure.
to buy your donuts.
I saw a video that was just reading a
compilation of violet twudes and it was
incredible.
Batty McBatter, I need you to start
saying the phrase saying phrases such as
far
destination like
[Music]
[Applause]
to be by your
donuts. to be by
your
donuts. To be
[Music]
by Shad, I don't know what that's
supposed to communicate.
You're together.
[Applause]
[Music]
Check set 328 call flipping a
dead 328 flipping a
to be by your
donut. To be by your donut to be by
Batty, I need you to start saying
phrases such as far-flung destinations.
Moments.
Okay.
[Music]
to be by
your donut.
Say it, Vattie. Sing it.
Hit it, buddy.
Donut to be by your
donut. to be by
your
[Music]
donut. Relax, Baddy. It's called Dark
Humor.
I say
nothing. No, you're yelling at
me. You're not using your inside voices.
I'm okay.
The donut thing is just it's the song uh
I think the song's called By Your Side
by the Beth and the lyrics are to be by
your side.
But uh I
sent an arrival video to Cinder Corey
and she just sent back like the video
except she captioned it to be by your
donuts. You cancel arrival. I can't
Arrival remake went.
to be by your donut.
Take me by
your donuts.
Yeah, you've been to 7-Eleven, but you
ever been to
9/11? And that is why the laughter
begins at midnight.
All of our crowns started glowing.
[Music]
Who? Oh, it's Fluffy. Everyone can see
and hear you.
Fluffy said in growing. I'm grow. I'm
growing.
[Applause]
[Music]
Fluffy to be by your donut.
Right. To be by
your donut to be
by. What is that smoke? Fluffy said.
Okay.
[Applause]
[Music]
Y'all see that shot?
Thank you. Thank you.
to be by your donut.
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Nice flip,
[Music]
bro. Stop shooting
nature. Batty caught shooting a tree.
[Music]
Now he said,
Fluffy said, "My dog when I tell it to
go stupid mode."
Right. Lovely. Yes. Okay.
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
Shet said, "Master Puffy, there's too
many of them. What are we going to do?"
[Music]
Wait, can you get out of the car for a
second?
Fluffy said, "Why do you sound like
that?
[Music]
Heat.
[Applause]
Help. Heat.
to be by your
donut. Relax here.
[Music]
That was ninja. Yeah.
[Applause]
Fluffy said ninja more like cringer. Am
I right lads or am I right lads?
Are you okay Fluffy?
No
child.
Child labor car spotted.
Fluffy
said. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Batty cake. Batty cake.
[Music]
Fluffy said. Bappy bappy bappy gay.
Stop. Stop that game.
Oh.
[Music]
Batty caught flipping the checkerboard.
Fluffy said, "I don't think we're in
Batty City anymore."
I don't think we're in Banzas anymore.
Watch any more
info. I'll be having
that. Fluffy said fatty fatty fatty.
This place is not something.
[Music]
Good [__]
buddy. Batty carrier. Batty carry. I'm
using a controller.
Fluffy said in using tilt controls.
Oh my I forgot my camera's
um to be by your donuts.
You might save me. I'm growing.
It's so exciting to simply be
growing, to be bigger than you were
before.
I can't stop singing the donut
song. Chad, relax. It's called dark
humor.
[Music]
Fluffy said you killed Mr. Star War. I
know. Isn't it grand
Mlunky? What's all that?
[Applause]
What did he do that for?
Sniper.
Crap.
Well, I was growing. So,
yeah. Alpha Mining Company. Oh,
[Applause]
brother. What's growing
on? Sure.
[Music]
Kick robot your donut
Gundam.
[Music]
Okay, I think that's enough Fortnite for
me. Fortnite. Don't show me him.
General Gravy is blowing up your
notification. No more Fortnite.
Rest easy,
Crow. Now we can get to what really
matters.
Moonlight said, "Do flapping wind."
Oh, wait. I got to show everyone
the the um violent pony song featuring
Pin and
Dishy situation is crazy.
The what were you not there for
that? Hold on.
So it was either yesterday or two days
ago. I don't remember. It might have
been yesterday. What moon said of the
music note? Daddy said, "Oh, uh, we're
we're in Minecraft and we started making
a song."
I recorded it. Here's the song. It said,
"Give my ass.
Moonlight said, "But you don't think
you're showing." Oh, wait. I'm not. I
just realized I'm still on my [__]
thing. All right, let's try
again. Fluffy said, "You're still not
showing stream." I SJ D L I A S H F L A
S I am showing stream.
Said
Fluffy said. Oh, never
mind. And Dishy did something amazing
here. This was the Dishy solo.
[Music]
Wow. Fire.
And then pin started
[Music]
adding pin pin came in here algorithm
started doing this [__]
So,
we I transcribed
it. Here's the transcription.
[Music]
[Applause]
Well, you're not hearing. You're
not This was This This was transcribed.
This isn't in game anymore. I did this
in Ableton.
[Music]
[Applause]
Wait, here comes the solo, I think.
[Music]
[Applause]
It's always making me feel [__]
[Music]
insane. Help. Help
me. I hope you guys like that song.
uh actual like evil fun house mirror
music scary. There's no note block
plugin for Ableton. It's just
it's just that
Daddy said I'm on my
way.
Yes.
Hi. [__] I did
not. I did not mean to do that.
Bowling.
Bowling. Oh.
Oh, my secret room.
Oh,
hi Cany. Little Cany
the swimmer in my bathtub.
In my bathtub.
Can I help you? Mean
look and
will let J pony here give my soul to him
like the
[Music]
wall to be by your
donuts to
I'm not loud. You don't need to use
that. You don't need to use that. You're
indoors. You don't need to use that.
You're
indoors. Wait, what? What? What is the
elytra texture? Okay.
Oh, you don't have to go through my
chests.
Remember to be my batside.
Yaba.
Yaba. Yava. What are you doing with
that? You don't have to do that.
Batty caught brightening everyone's day.
Batty caught brightening everyone's
day. Why is there twice of them?
to be by your
donuts. Okay.
So, let's
Okay. No. Take what
down and I have viol.
Okay. This isn't graffiti. You
commissioned me to do
this. That's my [__] son.
Moonlight Glow. Did you forget that
graffiti is like awesome
also? Feel like you forgot this
to be by your donuts.
Okay.
I don't want to be around
anymore. I don't want to be
your don't want to live anymore. I don't
know.
Cuz you're in the suit. Cuz you're in
the suit. Yeah.
Wait, can you you can't There's no way
you can put a Shulker box inside of a
bundle, right? That would be just
stupid. Yeah.
Okay. Call me crazy, but it's so crazy
it just might work,
right? Comfort in the things that find
us.
I need to start farming creepers.
Creeping. Get more gunpowder.
Get more gun Gundam. You're not saying
saying anything that means stuff. Bane.
your I need to start
fleeing often saying
this fle
the the flugus situation is
crazy. So many what? Hi, can I help you?
[Music]
Get
Hi, July 18th.
If I made that noise over and over, then
I'd believe you.
Yeah.
We read that the really cool way. I
really like
that. To be by your
bat. So now I have the ability to go so
far and wide.
Oh, I'm going to stretch. I'm going to
grow wide. I'm growing
you coming with little bro.
14 little
bro can't even fly.
You're a bat. Just flap a
wing. It's harder than it looks.
Looks do the rona dance.
Oh, do the Patrick
dance, right?
Aba, I am so alone. Paradise
Valley. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was telling
you something that you might want to
know for later in future use. Not even
quite.
I would rather know something better
than that. Be so quiet.
Fluffy, is this your wake up moment or
you go back to bed soon?
This probably my wake up moment. Why?
Well, the reason why is cuz remember the
giant stone.
No. Um, what? Okay.
So, in the middle of the ancient forest.
Okay. A stone bequath the a blade
entrusted, right?
Mhm. Sure.
Like if you want.
Thy will is etcheth into the blade. Thou
shalt pick it. Blade. Blade. The place
where he deserted blade.
If I see weed. Um, I got to like
Sorry, the beefing.
M
blade caught. Daddy said Bean is
bullying me. No, Bean would never do
something like that.
caught in a a big cartoon net.
No, she wouldn't do that. Help me.
You're okay. She would never do such a
thing.
Please help me.
Help.
Addie. Stop bullying. I'm not bull. I
didn't do this. You literally did it. I
did it. I did it.
I eat food then I eat it. No, I didn't.
Stop. I didn't say that. You said it
just now. Right now.
It's funny. And you have to come to
terms with that. Oh, I'm taking terms
with that.
Why is the stream cinematic? Because
You know, Moonlight said that the world
this movie is my favorite. Yeah, it's a
good one. It's like Marvel but like a
little more interesting.
Daddy said no, take my soul.
Bean, stop bowling. Moonlight said you
don't even need it. It's fine. That's
You're That's not nice to say. Daddy
said
help.
Be so kind.
[__] you.
[__] you. F you. F you.
Chat, don't say don't say don't say
this. Nothing happens.
I'm saying
and big rap battles of who is
why. Who is why,
right?
Epic bat bat battles of history. Wow.
Oh, at Dexro. Hi. Dex.
Hi. We're streaming right now.
Hi.
Wait. Worst stream ever, right? Worst
stream ever. I might try and remaster
that song like a fourth
time. I really I really I really miss
the
subbase. I could just try and do a
separate sub, but that's so much effort.
But I might be might just do that
anyway.
Are you a single mother? You will be
soon. No, you will be soon.
We will be.
Whatever happened to Ronut
Jones? To be by your
donuts. To be by
your
her. What?
It's just like I'm feels so honored to
be here with you. Which one? Which one?
Can they like be [__] normal a little
bit?
Oh,
no. Why are all the mobs ponies? Why am
I ponies? Help me.
It's ponies.
Ponies are coming on.
Dut up. Why, Jeffrey? Do you like
ponies? Do you like ponies? Shakes
Applejack. Shakes Applejack in his face.
Wait a minute. I'm
Carlton. I've got to attack
him. My damn business is eating some
damn
fruit. Numbers. Numbers. Numbers. Right.
Numbers. Yeah. So many vatties.
Okay. So many rattata. So little
time on jockey. Okay.
Like if you want I guess. Daddy said I
get bullet on Minecraft every day. No,
Baddy.
B Moonlight said it's called Business.
It's not bullying. It's called
Business. It's called Called
Business. I don't know how to tell you
this, but it's called
It's called grownup bueness. I don't
know how to tell you this.
Daddy said you're the ant of my world.
Moonlight said
Moonlight said I'm
sorry. This is really good conversation.
There's just a couple of things
happening said precisely. Oh [__] Wait.
Jollibee should be open.
Guys, we got a [__] We a Jollibee
opened in
Portland. No, it's fine that we finally
did it. We got to go to the Jollibee and
ask for the Violet Pony meal. The looks
on their face would be
awesome.
So, no, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine.
Yeah, there's a Jollibee in Portland
now. Technically, I think it's in
Hillsboro, but that's just Portland
Metro. So, Yabna. Yabna.
I haven't really left my house much
since Bab's gone, though.
You're allowed to leave your
house. I thought you were
like supposed to stay in there all the
days.
I think In-N-Out Burger is also closing
in on like
a a leasing deal in
Portland, which is going to be really
scary. The Pixar movie Inn and Out with
Fentinel.
Stop saying these things. I'm sorry. I'm
not the one who made the image. It's not
my fault. Who? Who? That feels like a
bean thing.
That's
very No way.
Lava. No way. I just happened.
Oh.
Oh. Oh.
I haven't died at all like this entire I
I fell into I I I went high velocity at
a wall. I thought I'd be fine.
I went high velocity at a wall. I
thought I'd be fine.
Daddy said, "OMG."
Okay. Well, you are [__] died.
Dex said 328D.
What did you just say, Dex? Veron Oh,
300 VOD at
328. I was like, who the [__] is Vod at
300?
I am going to try to get it all back. I
guess my new invention. Mhm.
I am going to try to do it all
differently this time.
Does anyone
have Oh, surely it gave me a death
marker.
Yes. I eating cereal meme. Surely it
gave me a death marker.
And then you comically spit out your
cereal upon realization that it did not
give you a death
marker. Okay.
Um why is this map taking so long to
load?
Do you have rockets?
Can I have some?
Said no.
No.
I, Violet J. Pony, hereby if I give my
soul to Moonlight Glow. I'm pretty sure
a bunch of my stuff went into lava, so
Moonlight, what do you even do with all
these
souls? What does Moonlight even
do? Give me my Give me rockets.
Thank you.
Look for the gummy bear album
to be by your donuts.
Stop. I wonder how much of my stuff
actually survived and how much of it
didn't be taking all those
souls and said I have seven and a half
souls
half said WTF
text said, "I think Stardust gave half
the soul of somebody."
How do you give half a
sweat? It's not a thing you can do.
Moonlight said it kind of is.
[Music]
Okay, I'm going to
start flipping over things.
visitation. Look for the funny bear
album. I don't need this right now.
You need it. You need it.
I don't need this kind of
aggravation. It's your best friend,
JingleB.
Yeah, I've kind of got that frog in me.
It's all about you,
Pearl. 16th birthday, right? Yeah.
I just barely got I think most of my
stuff back.
Oh my god. I'm very impressed that it
didn't fall into the lava. It was like
right there. All my armor's there.
That's my pick. That's my sword.
That's your ground. So, is there any way
we can make it look like that wall is
your
ground? It's my shovel. Does it have my
axe?
My axe might be the thing that fell into
the
lava cuz I don't see it. I know it's
right there. Never mind. So, what fell
into the
lava? Where's my
bundle? I don't know if I lost anything
important.
Huh. Okay.
I don't know if anything important has
ever happened ever to anyone.
Oh, you know what?
I came in here with a Shulker box,
didn't
I? That's what seems to be
gone.
But there was nothing in it.
Yeah, there was nothing in the shulker
box. It was
empty. Ben, what are you
saying? Skrillex laptop.
Skrillex
is
gay. We
killed Skrillex.
Listen to the song and we'll tell you
where to find the body.
I heard a burn sound. Bones are their
money. Are there
money? Yo, gambling. Let's go
gambling. I just hit the jackport. $1
trillion.
Dex said I just hit you but one
disgusting penny.
Don't
say don't say
I say
oh
link we
killed violet pony
wait no that's my friend hello fuffy I'm
alive. It was all a joke.
Hi.
Hi. July 18 marks 11 years since I
started this YouTube channel. By
extension, it marks 11 years since I
started the Viabony
project. Hi, Markiplier.
My close friend
Markiplier. This is real life, not a
fictional video game.
I'm like ready player one for don't
don't I almost said the word I don't
think I can say that word on YouTube so
I'm not going to say it but you know it
you all know and love this one you're
actually I didn't you you said it all I
said flaggy waggy you did say flaggy
waggy but I'm just to be safe
I don't want to get your stream taken
down by the woke mob. Fluffy, we're
going to do something to you.
No, that's what flags do in the wind. So
true. We also did have we also did have
the the dishy tag in stream when we were
doing Seductive Turtle, too. Hello mob
is coming. Annoying flaggy waggy beam.
Mhm.
You've you've solved the the riddle of
it all.
Why do creepers scream Dylan? They
That's what they sound like.
They love the
jokes. Well, you really can't say it
like me. You don't even know how to
pronounce
it. Oh, just you
wait. When the time
arises, I'm gonna
grow. Is Eminem the best rapper? Not at
Skittles. Someone in chat just said
that. Thank you. That's good.
[Music]
Eminem the best rapper. Not it's
Skittles. Chrissy best rapper. Like you
know what?
Yeah. Yeah.
Chrissy Bat
[Music]
Bapper. It's time for the Dylan
surprise.
That is really surprising.
Yeah, you wouldn't have expected it.
Now he said
my thoughts exactly.
My thoughts exact revenge.
Oh my goodness gracious. Chicken joggy
said revenge. It's almost like I'm
seeking. Oh my
god. Chad, there's this cool album
called I was the loner of Paradise
Valley. If I bought the pony, I was the
loner of Paradise Ronut.
Okay.
[Music]
Okay. I want everyone to listen to the
Jane River album and then come back here
and post a 18 paragraph essay on what
you thought about it.
Everyone should start growing. I want
everyone to start growing.
What are we? Some sort of Ronut squad?
What are we? Some sort of Ronut
Valley? Sorry, I don't listen to music
because I'm cool like
that.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I've never heard any of your
songs, Violet. I just You're my
favorite. Violet Pony, my favorite
streamer.
Okay. And nothing else.
I should have brought my hoe with me.
You're supposed to like laugh is the
thing, but that's fine, I guess.
What is this? Some kind of purple
horse? Possibly.
I actually haven't listened to any of
this channel's music besides antymph and
that's because my friend showed it to
me.
Said hello.
You should check out uh that sounds like
a plausible sentence which scares which
scares me.
That's that's that's reasonable. do it.
Uh, yeah, I' I'd say probably start with
Cutie Marks, which is the album that I
can't be known for Minecraft streams.
Well, you're not. You're known for
Antinymph and
therefore by extension.
By extension, that's when I started the
Violet Pony project. By extension,
that's Mhm.
chat, what 3DS game should I pirate?
Pokemon Platinum. Pokemon Platinum.
Dude, Pokemon Platinum. Kirby Planet
Robot. Kirby Planet Robot.
Also, Pokemon Platinum is for the DS,
not the 3DS. I win.
Pokemon Platinum. That's for the DS, not
the 3DS. I win. No. Croto Trigger.
That's not even close, but
okay. Yes, I win.
eyes like a [__] growing.
Sure. I can't remember what the first
Violet Pony song I listened to was
like a mother freaking Verona.
Yeah. The first song I listened to was
Verona. Found out about Violet Pony
through SA Gunnarfield and hopes and
dreams. Yeah, I think that was same. And
then independent of that, I listened to
Paradise Valley and I was like, "Oh,
that's this person."
Okay, that's a fellow Rona in need.
Okay. I used my 3DS as a scientific
calculator for the entirety of my first
year CS uni course. I only brought a
real I only bought a real calculator
because they wouldn't let me use it in
exams. Does the 3DS have a calculator?
Not with that attitude.
Okay. Like a [__] Ronut.
I think I'm
fuckingut. That's cool as hell.
Donuts. I can I can show the donuts.
I can show the
donuts. Me when it's time for dinner.
[Music]
Oh, right.
[Applause]
[Music]
I forgot that it meant something and you
weren't just saying words and then
[Music]
What is this?
Oh, yes.
[Music]
20 to
25 rock and roll in the 50s and 60s or
even my favorite
eras. Oh, one of my favorite
eras. Shout out Tracy Brakes. It's a
great
video. This No, that's just me.
Gets us
[Music]
home. Oh.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Trying to feel like a burger.
Gets us home. Feeling.
Oh my god, it's Mr. Craig.
[Music]
What is that [__] song with the
piano?
That's the [__] Drivers Diamonds and
Dives theme song. Is it from Guetti?
Wow. Yeah, that's the Cadence Locust
theme
song. Okay.
Okay. Oh no. Is this the [__] wood
you made?
Threw my phone into the cerebr.
[Music]
You do what I want when I want. Yes.
Just go kill yourself on many occasions.
On many occasions.
Wow. Your wish is my command, [__]
Your wish is my command,
[__] Your wish is my command, [__]
[__] To be by your donuts.
to
be not. It's not even all that humorous.
[Music]
Okay. It's kind of
funny. It's kind of funny.
I laughed and I
laughed. There it is. It's
[Music]
okay.
It's like said, "Does anyone else ever
find this funny?"
Does anyone else find this funny? Uh,
yeah. Me. Me.
You
[Music]
are a little larger than I was a few
seconds
ago.
La Monarch 2 is dropping right now.
Check
Twitter. What? That's really scary to
say. I'm looking. There's nothing on
Twitter. There is
this nice If you beat hard, you know
little Michael made it.
[Music]
Beat hard. You know little Michael made
it. Little Michael made it. On the beat,
so it's not nice. And then if the beat
hard, you know, little Michael made it.
[Music]
It's so good. You know, little Michael
made it. Why is he little? I don't know.
I'm kind of grateful that he is. Why has
he been shrunk?
Someone who doesn't growing. Your wish
is back, [__] Your wish, [__] Daddy
said, "Little."
Yeah.
Video game dunkey is the best
philosopher of our era. Let's discuss.
Said,
"I'm so full of flubber."
That's not your That's me actually.
That's my name. No, your name is not
Flubber. It's something else. And what
is it? Remember the name? What is it?
What is it? To be by your donuts. Not my
name. You got it wrong.
Rocks.
Rocks. That
rocks. Fire donuts. Loudly crying face.
Dex said the
link
yesesh stop moon like
he said kiss the greatest philosopher of
our era is a fish. This might be true.
No
chat. What everyone What's What's
everyone's favorite uh album of the year
so far?
And don't don't say don't say um Love
and Pony Step. Don't say Love and Pony
Step. Also, don't say
uh my album even though it's so so good.
I don't have it. I don't make music.
Someone's album.
Okay. Bronut album count.
Yeah, the Bron album's pretty good.
Very good. Very good.
I haven't heard any albums from this
year. Uh I can give recommendations if
people want some. There's there's a few
that are really good I'd recommend. Uh,
the Skrillex probably very
fair. Romeo and Juliet original
soundtrack. I don't I was about to say
without putting some thought into it
that everyone should listen to the Billy
Woods album as soon as possible.
This is true. They should. But be be
aware the the the Billy Woods album with
deep caution.
Deep caution. The title of the new Billy
Woods album is a slur. So, as one that
he can absolutely reclaim, but just like
be aware when you're talking about
it. I've just been saying like the new
Billy Woods album. But yeah, it's it's
incredibly good. It's really powerful,
but definitely very harrowing.
Um, proceed with caution. Uh, I would
also
recommend What else? What else have I
Let me check my things. Daddy said
violet pony the chat is saying you keep
missing diamonds. I don't need them
though.
I already have like four stacks of them.
Rage
the rich get richer.
Uh oh. The dead channel Sky by Clipping.
The new clipping album's really
good. Um Revenge Seekers Jane Remover is
it's it's crazy. It's it's so so good.
I think that's probably like if I if I
could get you to get people to listen to
one album.
if I'm in a cave to get coal. Seekers
technically I'm I was in the cave to get
my stuff back. But
um if anyone knows Gais Gavara the
rapper
um his his album Goyard even say is
fantastic. It's a concept album. It's
really really good. If you like kind of
like political experimental hip-hop, I
definitely check it out.
You know, Little Michael made it. And
then, you know, Little Michael made it.
Um, actually, there is a new Swans album
coming out.
Shout out Shout out the [__]
Salvation by Rebecca Black. That [__]
rocks. Yeah, that's good.
I'm very very happy for her. She
absolutely deserves a psych rock my
Miley Cyrus album coming out.
Oh, I'm excited to hear. Okay. Hell
yeah. I also think the world should say
sorry to Miley Cyrus.
This is very true. The world should say
sorry to like most women that make
music. This is true.
But especially Miley Cyrus. It's it's
very upsetting the way that she was
treated given that she's like probably
one of the most important figures in pop
culture of the past 50 years.
Much more than
Elvis. I mean, yeah, she didn't even
make time.
I'm just the world's biggest Elvis
hater.
That's That's very fair. Oh, I just
think he's also also um uh this is
someone in the community. Azur Comet and
Roxby Stardom. Really
fantastic. Absolutely
recommend. Yeah. Azer Comet. I have the
new CD.
It's so good. It's so swag.
Um, there's also
Mike. Rapper Mike
is he's he's so good. He's so talented.
Oh, the new Mac Miller. If you want to
ruin your day. Oh, I haven't listened to
that one still. I'm really scared. But I
believe that it's good. New Girls Ra
album in June. I'm so excited. Oh, hell
yeah. New Girls Ritual. I didn't even
know that.
Yaba.
Yaba. Uh, the the two the two EPs that
Paris, Texas released, um, They Left Me
With the Sword and They Left Me With a
Gun are really great. They're kind of
like postpunk alternative rap rock
stuff. Uh, it's it's it's a descriptor.
They're really cool.
Oh. Oh my god. And I almost forgot. Um
uh the the backwash album Only Dust
Remains is is
unbelievable. Absolutely recommend that
too.
No little Michael made it. And then and
then and then one last one. This one's
definitely the most like more niche, but
if you're a fan of mashup music, I would
recommend uh checking out New Era Same
Stuff by Crypto Digital. Really good
mashup album that I've been enjoying a
lot. Everybody should listen to
Bajubstep.
Oh, Bajubstep 3.
True. With Tracy Brakes is on the last
song and also Jed Will.
Oh yeah. Burger King.
Obia.
Why did I do that? That is not what I
wanted to pick.
Oh, Bean just dug a giant hole under my
house.
Your [__]
ded. No, my Ded.
Yeah, I like haven't died the entire
server, but I've I've now died twice on
stream.
You're so cool. You're so cool.
Sorry, that was like rude and unusual of
me. My character.
Oh my god. Behind you there's literally
a character.
When is Anthony Fantano going to review
Monarch of Monsters? I have really
unfortunate news for you. He didn't like
it. He already He talked about it
briefly in like he went over like his
Discord's favorite albums or
whatever and then he read like someone's
review of it and that said they liked it
and then he was like, "Well, I didn't
like it." That's kind of what he said.
I don't know what I'm looking at up
there. Something's happening up
there. Bean, I'm going to need you to
fix this
hole. He's a man of music. What can I
say that he is?
We will hunt Fantana for sport, etc.
Thank you,
Baddy. Doing a great
service. The huntress
watches. Fix the entire thing.
Be I have the munchies often.
the munchies.
Mew and Fant doesn't share my opinion.
Dies. I
don't I don't don't care about him very
much. Cat face with happy raised
eyebrow.
Yaba opinions are like
uh I don't know like scary kind
of. Hope this helps.
Did you gave vocals on a violet song?
You sound
for me. I mean, I did, but like in a
like in a group, so I don't
There was in the Christmas song. I was
in the Christmas Pilford squad sings
jingle bells,
but I haven't been on anything like just
by
myself. Reek flow. That's
being in the hole is not fixed.
Not that's not Yeah. Nope. Yeah, that's
me. Mhm.
Not the way I thought though. Never
mind.
Okay. Onions are like
Yuri. You're like kind of smart. That's
like you might be on to something there.
Dex said you
it's like the Fortnite is mentioned.
It's just like Yuri is mentioned.
Get out the stream for the real
celebrities. Oh, true.
View is mentioned. There isn't a single
celebrity in this stream.
Um, you literally made
like a song or two once, right?
Or just playing baked potato.
Just play baked
potato. Oh, also
um on the topic of music,
uh Unfamiliar coming out with album.
Do you know the musician Unfamiliar One?
Yes, I do. Yeah. Uh album featuring like
Zombie, Wishlane, Sam
LRC. It looks very cool. I'm I'm noobs
to their stuff, but they make a bunch of
stuff of people I like. I like the
singles a lot. And also, I'm pretty sure
they're the person that made the Gusher
plugin also, which is funny. Yes.
But yeah, it's excited for that.
[Applause]
Hot diggity David mentioned my song in
one of his streams. [__] him. I'm gonna
[__] him on. That's really scary to
hear. A scary
sentence. Sam LRC has made music with
very cool people. Yeah, shout out Sam
LRC.
Uh, Lonely Sinner is very great album.
I'm not going to go in vague detail
about what Carousel is about,
but Carousel was a criticism of people
like him.
Mhm.
Carousel is like several different
narratives, personal anecdotes,
thoughts, feelings,
etc., all wrapped up into one album. and
trying to explain
what trying to explain what Carousel is
truly truly about is a very difficult
task. I remember writing a bullet point
list of everything that the album was
like about and all of its themes and
everything and like that thing went on
for multiple pages and it's just a
bullet point list of like primary topics
and themes and
stuff. Mhm.
There are a few very key
things. What did he do? I'm
confused. I don't think he like
committed a crime. So, that's good. But
committed moral crimes.
Committed moral crimes. Many have said
this.
He's like patron saint of edgy
4chanders. name is Derek.
I know that it's it's because like there
needs to be a character in the [__]
thing that's
like like tells it like it is and is
like nihilistic or whatever, but it's
just like it that's
not I I shouldn't be upset over this,
but like Spike doesn't [__] act like
that. Like leave him alone. He's a
child. He's not like like uh you guys
are stupid. Uh, I'm like smarter than
you. He's like, "Hi, I'm Spike and I'm
silly and a child." Like, leave him
alone. Not even what he
does. Oh, I could finally I'm going to
finally explore west of here cuz I don't
have any of that part of the map
explored at
all. I just hate going through the snow
in this game when they added the
powdered [__] snow.
Spike deserves an apology from the world
and my childhood owes an ap owed an
apology from behy demon specifically.
I think
I I I'm still very new to the MLP
community. I'm like just now watching
the show. I did not grow up with it. But
something that is uh very upsetting uh
is that I actually did watch the series
before I really engaged with anything
else when I was
younger, which is kind of just like not
very fun to think about.
Why are a lot of the most expressive
artists just controversial
people?
Um, why would you admit that the cops
are
coming?
[__] Well, I don't like them anyway, so
that's fine.
[__] 12. My favorite color is [__] 12.
Village is excited about Burger 3.
Honestly, I should do it.
Put spaghetti back in front of [__]
Tell him Pilford did it.
Tell him. Try to screw it off. Try to
screw it off. Try to squ it off. Try to
squ it off.
This village sucks.
Tell him little Michael did it.
It's a sweetheart. You know little
Michael made
it. Just going to call this Melvin's
workshop. Okay.
The tag has two sentences. I forget what
this first one is. It's like Jirro on
the beat. So you know it ain't nice.
Yeah, zero on the beat. So it's not
nice, which is a reference to, as we all
know, me. I made that tag.
No one's addressed the thumbnail yet. It
is visible, right? Everyone can see the
thumbnail.
What is the thumb? I saw it when I
clicked on the Oh, yeah. It's good. Does
Chrissy know.
Okay, chat. Name this awful village.
This place that sucks.
Okay, you can be a little nicer about
it. I could build a better
village. Name it one letter at a time.
Mhm. Get Chissier.
Get fatter.
Get fatter. We retired. Get fatter.
[__] [__] You mean we
little Michael Village.
No, that's it. That's it. Name it
Skinnyville. No, cuz that goes against
my everything.
So, little Michael village.
What? I think there was an eye in
village for two seconds. The village
found. You know, little Michael did it.
Village found. You know, little place
did it. Who? I don't know. I just I've
just been thinking about the name place
recently and like the fact that people
are named that sometimes. Not it like
upsets me a lot. Who is named that ever?
Who is named place? I don't know. Look
it up.
No, you said the village sucks. So,
Skinnyville works. M license. I've I've
been countered. This is very true. I I
already named it Lil
Michaelville. Little Michael Village.
Wait. Little Michaelville. Well, if the
next village sucks, then we call it
Skinnyville. Oh, okay. There. Okay.
There's a song called Placeins. I
thought there was actually a musician
called Placeins. I got really scared.
No, but there are people named that.
There are people named poison. You're
lying to me.
Oh, here's another village.
Is it just Wait, what the hell is wrong
with this
village? Why is this thing actually
tiny? What? What? Shrinking.
Okay, I'm really confused. What's going
on here?
Why is this village so
small? They just started.
We really need to figure this out.
Um, why have you said all of this while
standing? You're kidding, Bean. I
[__] made the video. I'm going to
notice this.
No. Oh, wow. Okay. Okay. Well, this
one's Skinnyville.
Welcome to Skinnyville. Do you remember
every line of every video you've ever
made? Uh, they call me the cheese
goddess.
What's that phone? That's what's that?
What? What about the Yona one? Yona. If
someone at the party tells you that they
are thirsty, you say, "May I punch you?"
Right. That
one, right? Okay. What about uh Crystal?
Why are you using your brain for this?
I'm not. I literally just remember this
thing, which is really funny cuz my
memory is normally very bad. But that
video was funny to
me. Lucas in
chat. Look in chat. Hi Chrissy, best
friend.
Does Chrissy know? Does Chrissy know?
Does she
know? Hello, Bruno.
Okay. Does Chrissy
know? Does Chrissy know?
Greasy. I had a dream. Boni and Chris
were doing experiments on me in VC and I
only woke up to
What are you saying? Like what? What are
these words you're saying?
I'm killing Chrissy's friends. No,
they're
imposters. Chrissy, don't look.
Wait, are they not going to be? There's
too much loyalty.
Among Loyalty. Loyalty. Right. Boomer
21. What the dog doing though?
Adamu, right? Yeah, that one.
I just got scammed. There's nothing
here.
Remember when like Kendrick Lar was so
good that he put out that album and
people said it was
bad cuz it like wasn't to pimp a
butterfly and it was like kind of
mainstream and people were like this is
bad and it's like still like to one of
the best albums of the Tony towns to
pimp a cry flag.
Okay.
I don't need
yadoo, bro. True nut.
True
nut. True
nut. That's what you just said. That's
That's what I just said.
True
nut. Oh, hi. Is your comment? How's your
comment mentioned? As your comment
mentioned,
and I'm
growing true. Error confirmed. That's
not a sentence that means
anything. But it can with your help.
Growing reference. Growing reference.
Dinner's ready.
to be by your
donuts. to be by
your donuts.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Beware of the false nut. Okay. Right.
Case.
Okay. So, what is this?
Okay. So, I don't know if you've heard,
but Kee
to be your ro.
Why is this stream like 29? Cuz get
fatter.
I'm like 29 years old. That's not true.
I'm like three.
Incredible. Every word you just said was
wrong.
What? What the [__] is running around?
Oh, there's a child
outside. Me when I'm one years old, I
still only know how to crawl. What the
[__] is running
around? Right. Here's an update on the
gaming baby. Here's an update on the
gaming baby.
Do you do pacifist run of what
of Undertale?
Update on the silly Baba.
[Music]
There's like an invasion.
Why isn't getting larger called wide mod
and everyone starts installing wide mod?
I think that'd be cool. Ezra comet,
you're really smart. I agree.
Why are you falling from the sky?
Falling down
down. Remember that song? I don't know
if that was about stuff.
You know that one? That was from like
the 2000s
and it had like Lil Wayne. He was like,
"Baby, don't worry.
I genuinely thought you were singing an
Undertale fan song at first. No. Even if
the sky is falling, you know that one.
Sky is falling down.
Even if Yeah, it's
it's welcome to the underground. You
know, walking underground. Walking
underground. Underground.
Oh, I set it on fire.
to be by your
donut. Do you know how to say other?
That's so true. Not Fatty.
I loves it.
Fatty.
Why are there so many opponents?
This place is filling with them. Oh my
god. Behind you. Literally, there is a
character. There's a character
to be by. Don't die again. I'm not
going. I've never even died in this
game.
Two.
Two. Don't laugh. Don't laugh. Wait, is
that Locust Lake?
is that Rous
City. I've got a
crocus. Don't Don't
say Chad. I'm going to
Okay, I won't I won't rule that
glow. What the [__]
Nuke Chrissy, followed immediately by
don't nuke Chrissy. Don't do that by
Chrissy.
Chat is growing. To be never mind.
What? I'm fine.
to be my I shouldn't
say why is it so
snow you'll be staying
sham to
What's everyone's favorite Undertale
character that isn't the green guy?
God damn it. You've excluded the best.
Yeah, of the best. Now you have to
choose from the rest.
Get me in the booth.
Moonlight said when enter the room of
Pilford.
What? I'm I I didn't I didn't hear that.
I actually played Undertale recently.
Mad Miumu is my
favorite. Mad Mimu is very good
character and transgender
and
transgender. Many great characters are
huh wind. What?
Moonlight said there's no secret room.
Sally said look left said also check
pill for room
can't rhyme room with
roomm I answered you okay cool
I
to be by your
donuts. To be by your I just fell. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Everything's fine.
Everything's
fine. I almost [__] died to that
song. I almost to be
Daddy said, "Wena, you need to lock in."
I do. I do. I do. I so do. Young Gwen,
you must lock in post haste.
Baba.
Okay,
have he not the need for speed.
I wasn't. Oh my god, I got so excited
cuz there's two of them.
One for each.
But there's actually more than that. And
so I'm kind of upset.
Case, I was not prepared for the the
um the Drift King actor to actually be
bald. Like I I thought I I thought it
was the the opposite where like they
they made him bald for the bit, but no,
it was they they gave him hair normally.
They gave him hair normally.
You know what I mean?
I won't sing
it. I won't sing
it. I won't sing it. Daddy said, "Okay,
I be a moment." Okay, moment. I won't
sing it.
My singing monsters when they lock in.
The twins. My My twe monsters when they
lock in. Not twins.
Flaggy waggies.
Wow.
It's a flaggy mirror. Little Michael
Village. That's not even the This is the
wrong village. That was a different one.
Can I call this a giant Michael village?
Okay.
Don't shush me.
I'm going to [__] play it again. Hold
on.
Just obsess with the delivery.
Why does he say it that way?
It's so Get us home feeling.
That's the wrong one.
No, it's fine. I'll play this one
anyway. Get us home. [__] tell which
is the right one.
Can I be honest? This one's scary. It's
literally fine. You're okay.
[Music]
safe.
There we go.
[Music]
case.
I'm calling this huge Michael village.
I'm calling
for help. Oh,
okay. Who the [__] is making these? It's
a group effort. I thought you were a
child and I was going to kill you.
Do you think if she had a Minecraft
alias it would be Queen Lria?
Are
this is referring to Queen Latifah? I'm
assuming if if she had a Minecraft
alias.
You know what? Sure. When there will be
when will there be a fat Michael
village.
Don't wait.
You need to stop. Say you've say more
than enough. This doesn't go anywhere.
I'm like
Pac-Man in the way I get fatter.
I'm like Kirby the way I get fatter and
also am like Kirby in other ways. Your
doesn't your doesn't what to
[Laughter]
Don't say don't say don't
you say
don't do not say
the goblins were awakened
that's not what Kirby does something new
Kirby doesn't get fatter fake fan I'm
not I love not fake fan. You're talking
to the biggest Kirby fan I know right
now. Also, Kirby uh sometimes does skip.
He This is true. Usually he doesn't grow
when he eats things, but like sometimes
Oh, I should have said that.
I should have said. Okay. Uh here. Hey.
Hey, Chrissy. In Kirby and the Forgotten
Land, when he puts his mouth up to the
big faucet of water and he and he drinks
a bunch of water, he walks around like a
big water balloon and he's fatter. So,
he does it sometimes. I
win. Kirby does get fatter in that one
game. Yeah, the one game. I want a one
game, right?
Okay.
Violet Pony, do you like Goku or Vegeta
more? Asks Chrissy. Best friend. I very
much I very much
preferred Jesus Christ, the son of God.
I knew you were not going to give an
answer.
That is an answer. What do you say? Not
of the choices provided.
None of the choices provided.
None of the choices. And a stupid little
toy of Fat Water Kirby. I love him.
That's awesome. I didn't know that he
was a toy. Why Wawa? Why? Shut up. Fat
Water
Kirby. Kirby's dream buffet.
Oh, yes. He He's He gets fat in a few
games.
I'm Baby. Uh, fun fun fact, chat. Uh,
um, Kirby
uh there there's multiple
uh like points of evidence throughout
the franchise referencing that uh Kirby
is gender fluid.
That's very cool.
Bean, this is like the second time
you've done this bit this week.
Kirby is a
fluid. I can agree with this. The snot's
plan. You did this already. Kirby is
gay. This is true. Woke Kirby. What the
[__]
Yeah, I I know, right? I don't I've
never met a single
I've never met a single song.
The the gayest Nintendo franchise fan
base is Splatoon, and it's not even
close. But the second gayest is
Kirby. Actually, second is Animal
Crossing. Third is
Kirby. And imagine if they if they had
invented the Orphan Crusher in time for
Splatoon 3,
maybe.
Yay. Is Chrissy best friend. Okay.
Like if you want an image file and said
when can you show the image on stream?
What?
What
he said? What the hell? Sing the
Splatoon theme or
riot. I don't think I
[Music]
got Riot. I don't think I can do it. I
love that Jerva clip cuz he's like
beatbox the Splatoon 3 theme. [__] no
one asked him to do that.
Yarma Moonlight said yes or no like
beam. I don't know what this is supposed
to mean.
Beam attack. Oh, that's a fail boat
reference. I get it.
What? Oh, I remember this. I forgot
about this image.
Someday I'm the
so true.
You're missing an important detail. He
rides his bike down the hall.
Zori.
Bizori holds up his license 60 by the
way. Can we watch the video in full real
quick?
Case
Moonlight
in hungry like the wolf from Monica
Monsters. All right.
Aba, Abna,
get ready for your daily Abna
to be by your key. I found you.
I found you.
Are
you to be by your key?
Stop to be by your
donuts. To be
Justin to
Bieber. Right. Why are you hitting
Baddy? Wait,
Baddy. The Brady Nation has something to
say.
They'll be by your own.
Fatty.
[Applause]
Patty, batten.
The name's Dean Games.
Dean to baby your donuts. Here's an
update on the gaming baby. Here's an
update on the gaming baby.
It's
gruesy.
Oh, taken down by a gamer.
The Bobby Ronut.
Fatty. You're like uh very cool and my
friend.
Who left you on the cool thing?
Yay. Yay.
Y ratty bonut. Okay. Like if you want
say that this is my classroom.
Someone in someone in chat said that. I
didn't do it. Not my fault. The the boss
Roby back in beeswax. Wow. Okay.
Wow. Okay.
What are you
teaching? Keep quiet.
Who the [__] is Undertime Slopp?
Who keeps They're going to say, "Oh, I
love Underline Slopp." And then they're
going to leave.
Well, I feel like they have something to
say.
See, that's how you know it's
bean. It's There's no universe that says
bean on an alt. There there literally
isn't any other person
this one. No [__] It literally has to
be you, Bean. We've all known this since
like the second time it happened.
Mm. Wipes sweat off brow. I don't know
what you're talking about, Bean. It's
literally you. We all know.
But I'm being blamed for everything ever
because you're like always doing [__]
like this. Even if it's not you, it's
like reasonable to assume it
is. Cuz like you do [__] like this on
the Who else would it be? Bean. Give an
alibi.
You need an alibi. Ali,
Zoy, you're the one who under under time
slford appeared.
You are the one who undertime slopped
around puppy. What? What are you saying
to
me? Chissy said it's not me. So trust
her. You don't
know. It's like I trust her that it's
not
me. As if you wouldn't know if it's you
or not.
You're the one who explained what other
time slopper was to me. I
was I I don't think I I think literally
all I said was that it's
I I don't know that much. I just know
that it's a thing that is said
sometimes. People just say I love
underlying slopper and there's like a
meme. I that's the extent of my
knowledge.
Yeah.
Yeah. No
joke. Don't ha Don't make me have to
explain Alvin and the Chickmunks to
you. You said it was on Instagram. I
don't think I did. I say that. I don't
know. I don't I really don't know much
about it.
Okay, I'm so done with
this. Simus is the blue chickpuck.
Alvin is the red chickbuck. And the
green one, I can't remember his name. No
joke.
to be
funny. To be your donuts to be by your
donuts.
Alvin, Simon, Theodor,
Theodore, Viart, I've lost the plot of
this stream like four times. Can we get
a live sign language interpreter?
Squish.
There you have it. There. There he is.
And there it
went. And there it
went. Uh-huh.
Uncle Ian. Oh,
now it's a feature. See,
I told you Dave, I never lose.
I don't remember what the song in it is,
but it's like a song.
[Music]
What happened? It showed me Joey.
The LGBT community has not forgiven
Fantano. I don't even know if he did
anything in particular, but like just in
general, just be himself.
Yeah. It's funk music as Ian drives
away. Yeah, I remember. I remember it's
like drift funk. I just don't remember
the
song cuz No, I'm not going to say that.
I shouldn't have said that.
Oh, Gwen, you should show the awesome
epic drift funk song you made. I didn't
do anything of the sorts.
You did. You did it to [__] Berries
and Cream. I remember. You can't hide
from me. Okay, that was on Twitter.
Everyone can see that.
Well, you need to display it as your
proudest work because you you know it
is.
You're always talking about how much you
think drift funk is like a beautiful
genre. Maddie, what it what it
What? What?
Look, I did not see the joint and
growing.
There's a bug.
I did. I was a little
[Music]
focused. Drift funk isn't real.
Um, genres are a figment of my
imagination. I made up every genre, so I
decide if they're real or not. Uh, hope
this helps.
I instantled mine. Lat pony
wrong. Genres are real. Funk isn't.
I'm
okay. All right. Sure. If you want, I
guess.
He makes sleep. [__]
[Music]
Check it out now. The funk soul pony
right about now. Yeah, I get
it.
Okay. Do you know what sleep funk is? Do
I? I saw the troll face thing. If that's
what you mean.
Please don't steal my slime ball. I need
those.
What was
that? Something mad at
me. Oh, fat boy Slim to the rescue. I
get it.
Yava. Fat boy Grimace.
Uh who?
Oh, hi Sophie. Scared me. Pony.
Why is stuff happening in my house?
Stop.
Well, that's where I have to put all the
ponies. Daddy said hello. Oh, that's
where you have to Oh, I get it.
Banana wakes up. Woman is mentioned.
Uhhuh. Right. Uhhuh.
Yeah.
Not even woman. Specifically Audrey.
Ben, stop. This is true, but they're
also kind of just like
like not normal around women. He was
kind of weird with Lonnie, too. But
that's cuz that was the whole like new
type resonance. What are you doing? That
was Yeah, that was like we are both like
genetic test tube babies and I have like
neural link with you. Yeah, Audrey. I
mean, okay, every every single every
single dude type has has BD, but like
what the [__] Wait, what is going on?
Banana got really obsessed with Audrey.
Yeah. What the [__]
What is
What? Why is there a Pathu here?
This is
There's a Pathu in our midst.
This was behind my bed for how long?
Fell out, bro.
[Music]
All of you are
insane. No, not right. Okay.
# Wallace and Gromit
for Uh-oh.
I ate the moon. I ate the
moon.
Yes. Bucket, my beloved.
[Music]
Why is that horn playing the happy
wheel?
Stop. Stop.
No. No. No. Who? Someone said that's the
happy wheels victory theme. You're
right. I hate that you're right.
Oh, okay.
You and Happy
Wheels. Let me go grab this. No, I
can't. No.
Come on. When are we going to show the
wondrous beauty of Violet Pony? We're
going to go to where the other discs
are.
the other discs.
Ow.
Omg. Was I the only one who thought
Violet and Laura Candy were the same
person? Not quite.
What? Someone thought that you and Baddy
were the same person apparently. I guess
so. Okay. Well, this happened actually.
No, baby.
I' got something.
[Music]
Well, that was really [__] weird.
What?
What? Wait. Where's
Where's It isn't
here. Where is it?
play the There's no such thing as a
ronut song.
You don't know. Gwen, I think they'll
that'll hold them off for a little bit
longer. Free Shiovakadoo. They're going
to catch on sooner or later, but not
yet. What's happening, Gwen? When are we
getting the Ronut song? Oh, here we go.
There's no Ronut song. Like, don't tell
them about the Ronut song.
Productions presents a Lucario Pictures
original movie.
Bay. You know how we do it.
[Laughter]
We does not want them to get a single
preview.
They're in a single song that you're
going to hear. They're in a single song
that has ever been made ever.
Ben's actually trolling you all right
now. There is no work that has been done
for Tony step. Yeah, it's actually going
to be like at least another eight years.
Yeah, it's like not even close to
started yet. So, um Yeah.
Showy what you got.
Oh, wait. This is appropriate. I'm
playing Bellatro right now.
Wait a minute.
Waited.
Shout out the magic [__]
[Music]
Match up. SA Gunner. RIP. That one's
cool.
This is why we can't have nice things.
You're fine.
Wait, Vin, can you drop the discs that
you're holding right
now? In your inventory? In your
inventory?
I just want to try something. Can you
get out of the car for a second?
[Music]
You want to tell my dog to roll over?
Ven, can I can I borrow everything in
your inventory right now? When could I
borrow a dollar?
Guys, would you rather have $1 million
or really disgusting? Everything inside.
Oh, no.
Wait, that was crunkus.
Uh-huh.
[Music]
Oh, but Bean, can I borrow everything in
your inventory?
So, guess what? So, guess what? What?
being. How many people do you have?
[Music]
[Applause]
If it's iron farmer, I don't mind it.
[Music]
Can I borrow everything in your
inventory?
Can you get out of the car for a
secondh?
Wait, dude. What if we killed
people? I've tried, but it's like I
can't stop growing, so I
don't productions presents Lucario
Pictures original movie.
Hardcore search and destroy.
If anyone tells you that Violet Pony
fell off, play them this [__] right
here. Check this [__] out.
Play the futuristic swag song. I already
did. Dude, what if we what if we slept
in like
and and and sorry, I think who who
wanted futuristic swag and all
futuristic swag lovers, you're going to
love love bonus sub.
It might it might some might even say
it's the teap of futuristic swag. Some
might even say it's a teab of futuristic
swag. Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Let's not get growing.
It's time to go gone fishing. Are you
okay? That's said in the videos.
That's said in the videos.
Can I sing for you? Can Can I sing for
you? Can I sing for you? Here it comes.
Here it comes.
Can I sing for you?
I think if like a psychiatrist looked at
my response to that video, they would be
like, "Okay, yeah, you're definitely
like autistic."
And like they'd be right. I think I
think they're saying that for many other
cases as well. But no, it's it's just
for that reason. I find that that's like
my favorite joke. I find it too funny.
Cuz like why is she asking if she's
doing it anyway?
[Music]
Oh, you're doing what my dad does. Oh,
pick a [__] radio station and stay on
it. Wait, Chrissy's on the phone. Does
it
Wait,
Chrissy. Best friend is real.
I We've added Chrissy. Where's Chissy?
We've sent Chrissy to the mines.
I got it. I got it. I got it.
You know how we do it.
[Music]
Be advised, hostile care package
inbound.
[Music]
Hey, are you falling in love with it? I
think I'm falling in love with this. I
think I'm falling in love with it.
looking at
looking at Drago from
[Music]
back. Hostile care package inbound.
Oh, below somewhere.
Oh, Shad. Hello, Shad. Dude, what if we
killed people? Yeah, he's dead. Hello.
I've been trying this out
lately. Hasn't been going great,
honestly. Can't lie.
People are like Get me from the back
seat.
No, don't kill me. I have a family.
Spir goes up with every
heartbeat. Right.
You make me laugh.
Shet
evil. Evil.
Evil, bro. I'm done streaming now.
Goodbye everyone.
Oh, the gooby even I'm falling with a
cor infestation.
Uhhuh.
Okay. Help. Chad set. Help in being held
hostage. Help. Help. Okay, everyone have
a good day. Remember to listen to your
vitamins. Remember to take your music. I
already saw sleep punk. I already saw
sleep. I already saw sleep.